In the previous video,
you were introduced to the terms of
the null and alternative hypotheses and
came up with a few guidelines for setting these up as shown here.
You also saw how the claim of innocent until
proven guilty relates to the null and alternative hypotheses.
In this video, I want to provide a second example.
Imagine you create a new web page layout and we'd like
to know if this new page drives more traffic than the existing page.
We could set this up to specifically ask,
"Does the average web traffic increase
with the new web page as compared to the existing page?"
Before we even implement this test,
we might hope that the new page is better.
That's why we built it after all.
But we need to prove this.
This is an indication that the new page being
better than the existing page belongs in the alternative hypothesis.
Therefore, the null would be that the average web traffic is the
same for each of these groups or that the old page is actually better.
Mathematically, we could set this up in this way,
where the average traffic for
the existing page is equal to the average traffic for the new page.
Then, the alternative would look like this,
where the average traffic for the new page is
greater than the average traffic for the existing page.
And again, we can collect data to see which hypothesis is supported.
Here, our guidelines served very useful in defining the null and alternative hypotheses.
Setting up hypothesis tests can be tricky because there isn't really one right answer.
In the following concepts,
you will see why this really matters for our decision-making process.
For now, use this example along with
these four guidelines to get some practice setting up hypotheses.